# ðŸ” Lacking the required entitlement

Error Message Example: **You lack the required entitlement to use script\_name.**

**Reason** All scripts that utilize the FiveM escrow system are linked to your FiveM account (the one you authenticated on Tebex). For these scripts to operate correctly, they must run on a server that uses a server key generated by the same FiveM account that you used on Tebex.

**What is a server key?** A server key is a unique identifier that can be generated in FiveM keymaster. It's not the same as a script key. A FiveM server can only use one server key. Example of a server key in server.cfg: sv\_licenseKey "cfxk\_14cqPUIOPVb7YlCX0mCHWO\_3ERWsC"

**How to verify my server key?** To determine the server key your server is currently using, you need to execute the following command in your FiveM server console: sv\_licenseKey.

**How to verify if I am using the correct server key?** To confirm if your server key is correct, follow these steps:

* Execute the command sv\_licenseKey in your FiveM server console
* Note the server key currently in use
* Visit FiveM keymaster
* Verify if the account you are logged into in FiveM keymaster owns the script(s) you are trying to use. If the script is not there, it implies you used a different account on Tebex, or you have transferred the script to another account

Example with E-Jobads script: If the account you are using in FiveM keymaster owns the script(s), you have to verify if the server key your server is using, is generated by the same account.

**My server key is generated by someone else that's not me, what can I do?** You have two choices:

* Generate a key from your account and use it
* Transfer the script ownership to the other account

**How to transfer the script to another account?** To relocate the script to a different account, proceed to: FiveM keymaster -> Purchased assets tab -> 'Transfer to another account' red button Note: cfx.re has decided that scripts can only be transferred once, so you won't be able to move the script again.

**ZAP-Hosting server key** If you are operating a Zap-Hosting server, you don't need to input your server key in server.cfg, but directly on their website. [Here is the official guide from ZAP hosting](https://zap-hosting.com/guides/docs/en/fivem\_licensekey/) on how to do it.
